Content Pack Installer docs update (#31067)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/Scripts/ContentPackInstaller/README.md

> Install Content packs from marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install content packs from Marketplace.
```

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | configuration, Content Management |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 6.0.0 |

## Used In

---
This script is used in the following playbooks and scripts.

* Configuration Setup
* Content Update Manager

> 

Reviewer 2: Was this generated automatically?

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| packs_data | Information about the packs to install including pack ID and version. |
| pack_id_key | The key in which the pack ID is stored. |
| pack_version_key | The key in which the pack version is stored. Enter "latest" to update all packs to the latest version. |
| install_dependencies | Whether to install the pack dependencies. |

## Outputs

---

| **Path** | **Description** | **Type** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ContentPackInstaller.packname | The name of the pack. | Unknown |
| ContentPackInstaller.packversion | The version of the pack. | Unknown |
| ContentPackInstaller.installationstatus | The installation status of the pack. | Unknown |

### Command Examples
#### Without escape chars

> !ContentPackInstaller packs_data=`[{"id":"GoogleCloudCompute","itemVersion":"latest"},{"id":"GoogleKubernetesEngine","itemVersion":"latest"},{"id":"GoogleSafeBrowsing","itemVersion":"latest"}]` pack_id_key=id pack_version_key=itemVersion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``!ContentPackInstaller packs_data=`[{"id":"GoogleCloudCompute","itemVersion":"latest"},{"id":"GoogleKubernetesEngine","itemVersion":"latest"},{"id":"GoogleSafeBrowsing","itemVersion":"latest"}]` pack_id_key=id pack_version_key=itemVersion``
```

#### With escape chars
`!ContentPackInstaller packs_data="[{\"packid\": \"GoogleCloudCompute\",\"packversion\": \"latest\"}]" pack_id_key=packid pack_version_key=packversion`

### Troubleshooting
#### Mulit-tenant environments 
Multi-tenant environments should be configured with the Cortex Rest API instance when using this 
automation. Make sure the *Use tenant* parameter (in the Cortex Rest API integration) is checked 
to ensure that API calls are made to the current tenant instead of the master tenant.

> #### General Failures

Reviewer: Do you mean Troubleshooting?

> 1. Make sure the Core REST API integration is configured correctly, and the pressing the test button returns success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure the Core REST API integration is configured correctly, and clicking the test button returns success.
```

> 2. Make sure you have a connection to the marketplace, you can check that by going to the marketplace page in the XSOAR UI and refreshing. 
> 3. Make sure the *packs_data* parameter value is in the correct format:
>    1. A list `[]` containing dictionaries `{}`. For each pack you want to install, add a dictionary with pack_id_key as the pack id key and pack_version_key as the pack version key as demonstrated in the command examples above.
>    2. The escape characters are in the right order and none are missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have a connection to Marketplace. You can check that by going to the Marketplace page in the Cortex XSOAR UI and refreshing. 
- Make sure the *packs_data* parameter value is in the correct format:
   - A list `[]` containing dictionaries `{}`. For each pack you want to install, add a dictionary with pack_id_key as the pack id key and pack_version_key as the pack version key as demonstrated in the command examples above.
   - The escape characters are in the right order and none are missing.
```
